Create an Integration Dashboard doc (#10862)
DataDog/integrations-core: docs/dev/create-an-integration-dashboard.md

- Well formatted, concise notes
- Color coordination between related groups, notes within groups, and graphs within groups

Follow the guidelines below as you build your dashboard.

### General guidelines

-  When creating a new dashboard, select the default dashboard type.

-  Dashboard titles should contain the integration name. Some examples of a good dashboard title are `Syclla` and `Cilium Overview`. **Note**: Avoid using `-` (hyphens) in the dashboard title as the dashboard URL is generated from the title.

-  Add a logo to the dashboard header. The integration logo will automatically appear in the header if the icon exists and the `integration_id` matches the icon name.

-  Include an About group for the integration containing a brief description and helpful links. The About section should contain content, not data. Avoid making the About section full-width.

- Edit the About section and select the banner display option, then link to a banner image as follows: `/static/images/integration_dashboard/your-image.png`.

- Include an Overview group containing a few of the most important metrics and place it at the top of the dashboard. The Overview group can contain data.

> -  Always check a dashboard at 1280px wide and 2560px wide to see how it looks on a smaller laptop and a larger monitor. The most common screen widths for dashboards are 1920, 1680, 1440, 2560, and 1280px, making up more than half of all dashboard page views combined. If your monitor isn't large enough for high density mode, use the browser zoom controls to zoom out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Check to see how your dashboard looks at 1280px wide and 2560px wide. This is how the dashboard appears on a smaller laptop and a larger monitor, respectively. The most common screen widths for dashboards are 1920, 1680, 1440, 2560, and 1280px. If your monitor is not large enough for high density mode, use the browser zoom controls to zoom out.
```

### Copy

-  Use concise graph titles that start with the most important information. Avoid common phrases such as "number of".

    | Concise title (good) | Verbose title (bad) |
    | - | - |
    | Events per node | Number of Kubernetes events per node |
    | Pending tasks: [$node_name] | Total number of pending tasks in [$node_name] |
    | Read/write operations | Number of read/write operations |
    | Connections to server - rate | Rate of connections to server |
    | Load | Memcached Load |

-  Avoid repeating the group title or integration name in every widget in a group, especially if the widgets are query values with a custom unit of the same name.

-  For the timeseries widget, always [alias formulas][9].

-  Group titles should be title case. Widget titles should be sentence case.

-  If you're showing a legend, make sure the aliases are easy to understand.

-  Graph titles should summarize the queried metric. Do not indicate the unit in the graph title because unit types are displayed automatically from metadata. An exception to this is if the calculation of the query represents a different type of unit.

### Visual style

> -  Format notes to make them fit their use case. Try the presets "caption", "annotation", or "header", or pick your own combination of styles. Avoid using the smallest font size for notes that are long or include complex formatting, like bulleted lists or code blocks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Format notes to make them fit their use case. Try the presets "caption", "annotation", or "header", or pick your own combination of styles. Avoid using the smallest font size for notes that are long or including complex formatting, like bulleted lists or code blocks.
```

    {{< img src="integrations/guide/best-practices-for-integrations-dashboards/color-related-data.png" alt="An example of color-related data in a dashboard" width="100%">}}

-  Use legends when they make sense. Legends make it easy to read a graph without having to hover over each series or maximize the widget. Make sure you use timeseries aliases so the legend is easy to read. Automatic mode for legends is a great option that hides legends when space is tight and shows them when there's room.

    {{< img src="integrations/guide/best-practices-for-integrations-dashboards/well-named-legends.png" alt="An example of legends in a dashboard" width="100%">}}

-  If you want users to compare two graphs side-by-side, make sure their x-axes align. If one graph is showing a legend and the other isn't, the x-axes won't align. Make sure they both show a legend or both do not.

-  For timeseries, base the display type on the type of metric.

    | Types of metric | Display type |
    | - | - |
    | Volume (e.g. Number of connections) | `area` |
    | Counts (e.g. Number of errors) | `bars` |
    | Multiple groups or default | `lines` |

> ## Export your dashboard
> 
> Once you've followed the best practices and finished creation of your dashboard, [export your dashboard to JSON][10] and name the file your dashboard title. For example `you_integration_name_overview.json`.
> 
> If you've completed the [integration setup][2] and have run the `create` command, the assets folder will exist within your integration file structure. Add the JSON file to the `dashboards` folder. Here is an example of the correct file structure for [dashboards assets][11].
> 
> ## Open a pull request
> 
> Open a pull request (PR) for your dashboard in the [integrations-extras repo][12]. Datadog reviews all integration-extras PR, gives feedback (if required), and approves PRs. Once approved, Datadog merges the PR and your integration is pushed to production.
> 
> ## Verify your dashboard
> 
> First, ensure your integration tile is `Installed` in order to see the preset dashboard in the list.
> 
> You can find your dashboard in [Dashboard Lists][12]. Ensure logos render correctly on the Dashboard Lists page and within the preset dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

suggesting we move this up

[1]: /dashboards/
[2]: /developers/integrations/new_check_howto/?tab=configurationtemplate
[3]: /dashboards/#new-dashboard
[4]: /dashboards/widgets/timeseries/
[5]: /dashboards/widgets/query_value/
[6]: /dashboards/widgets/table/
[7]: /dashboards/widgets/
[8]: /dashboards/template_variables/
[9]: /dashboards/widgets/timeseries/#metric-aliasing
[10]: /dashboards/#copy-import-or-export-dashboard-json
[11]: /developers/integrations/check_references/#manifest-file

> [12]: https://app.datadoghq.com/dashboard/lists

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[12]: https://app.datadoghq.com/dashboard/lists
[13]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras
```
